# Code for the inventory management problem

## Experiment files overview
The folder "inventory_experiment" contain data from the experiment runs we report on in the paper:
- inventory_experiment/E0_modeled.jld contains the basic experiment specification we used.
- inventory_experiment/E0_not_modeled_assumed_optimistic.jld, inventory_experiment/E0_not_modeled_assumed_pessimistic.jld, inventory_experiment/E0_not_modeled.jld are the specification files used for the ablation studies.
- inventory_experiment/makeExperimentSpecification.jl implements the code to generate the above specification files.
- inventory_experiment/experiment_results.jld contains the aggregate data from our experiments used to create the plots and tables in the paper. It is generated by plot_results.jl

## How to run

First ensure that all packages in Project.toml are installed correctly. Start Julia in this folder and type
```
using Pkg; Pkg.activate("../."); Pkg.instantiate()
```

Slurm files for running the experiments have been provided. First run `julia makeExperimentSpecification.jl` from the "inventory_experiment" folder. This will generate a number of experiment specification files for the experiments we will be running below.

To start the first part of the main experiments run the following commands:

```
sbatch run_AIAD.sh
sbatch run_AIAD_automation.sh
sbatch run_partial_automation.sh
sbatch run_IRL_elicitation.sh
sbatch run_automation_oracle.sh
```

Once all jobs have finished, run the automation experiments:
```
sbatch run_automation_IRL_0.sh
sbatch run_automation_IRL_10.sh
sbatch run_automation_IRL_20.sh
sbatch run_automation_IRL_30.sh
sbatch run_automation_IRL_40.sh
```

To run the ablation studies for AIAD issue the following commands:
```
sbatch run_AIAD_not_modeled.sh
sbatch run_AIAD_assumed_optimistic.sh
sbatch run_AIAD_assumed_pessimistic.sh
```

Finally, run `julia plot_results.jl` to aggregate the data into a file called "experiment_results.jld" and to plot the statistics of interest.
